fix(gateway): Remove `path`, `query` and `variables` field from subgraph error responses (#900)
apollographql/federation: gateway-js/CHANGELOG.md

- Change default managed federation mechanism over to use Apollo's new Uplink service. This service handles composition and sends the entire supergraph to the gateway. Previously the gateway was responsible for downloading each service's SDL from GCS and handling the composition itself. If you have any issues trying to use this new behavior, you may use the gateway config option `schemaConfigDeliveryEndpoint: null` to continue using the previous mechanism for the time being. If you were previously setting the `experimental_schemaConfigDeliveryEndpoint` config option, you will need to update the name of the option itself (or you can remove it entirely if you were using Apollo's Uplink service). [PR #881](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/881)
- Introduce support for removing @inaccessible elements from the API schema. [PR #807](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/859)
- Call `toAPISchema` within the try/catch block in `loadStatic`. [PR #894](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/894)

> - Remove `query` and `variables` from downstream subgraph error responses. [PR #xxx](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/xxx)

Author: ```suggestion
- Remove `query` and `variables` from downstream subgraph error responses. [PR #900](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/900)
```

> - Remove `query` and `variables` from downstream subgraph error responses. [PR #900](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/900)

Author: ```suggestion
- Remove `query` and `variables` from downstream subgraph error extensions, as well as path from the error itself in the final response. [PR #900](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/900)
```

> - Remove `query` and `variables` from downstream subgraph error responses. [PR #xxx](https://github.com/apollographql/federation/pull/xxx)

Author: Super, lifted a bunch of this. Thanks!
acaf0b1
